Removing Trelis mention (#98)
svalinn/Cubit-plugin: README.md

Svalinn plugins and command extensions for Cubit
=================================================

**Beta:** This software is currently under early development. It has been
demonstrated to work on a wide range of problems, but the build system is not
finalized.

> The plugin has been tested and is confirmed to work with various Cubit  versions 17.1 up to 2020.2. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin has been tested and is confirmed to work with various Cubit versions 17.1 up to 2020.2. 
```

* MOAB 5.1.0
* DAGMC

Install Cubit
==============

Cubit can be installed by obtaining the Cubit `.deb` package and installing it
with the package manager; i.e.

```
sudo dpkg -i Cubit_DEB.deb
```

> This installs Cubit to `/opt/Coreform-Cubit-VERSION` or `/opt/Trelis-VERSION` for old version.

Reviewer: Do we still want the Trelis mention here?

Author: I kept it because they still mention Trelis 17.1 on the Coreform website, and we still actively support 17.1...

> This installs Cubit to `/opt/Coreform-Cubit-VERSION` or `/opt/Trelis-VERSION` for old version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This installs Cubit to `/opt/Coreform-Cubit-VERSION` or `/opt/Trelis-VERSION` for older versions.
```

> For Cubit version older than 2021 one need to manually install the provided SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Cubit versions older than 2021, one needs to manually install the provided SDK
```

A non-source directory build is recommended. These build instructions assume
that the plugin build will take place in the `${HOME}/plugin-build` directory,
and they assume that the Cubit-plugin repo has been cloned into
`${HOME}/plugin-build/Cubit-plugin`.

**Before building anything, ensure that the `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` environment

> variable is empty**. This variable is not needed to build MOAB, DAGMC, or the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
variable is empty**. 

```bash
unset LD_LIBRARY_PATH
```

This variable is not needed to build MOAB, DAGMC, or the
```

> `/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/hdf5/serial` directory, but it may be located

Reviewer: This is a ubuntu-specific location for hdf5. We may want to point that out.

Author: we kinda do the line before, or do you mean something else ?

Reviewer: So we do. Must've missed that. My bad!

chmod 644 *

> # Set the RPATH to be the current directory for the DAGMC libraries

Reviewer: Some explanation of these commands is warranted. Something like:

"The resulting shared library objects require an update to their `RPATH` (runtime path) attribute to ensure that the correct set of libraries is discovered when starting Cubit and loading the plugin library."
